Add videos and improve terms docs (#133)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/terms/how-to-add-terms-using-the-contribution-tool.md

Reviewer: Please add a `## Screencast` title and a short sentence with the duration, as suggested in the other video 🙂 

Let's move here the “Using the graphical contribution interface” section from the “Declaring documents” (_“documents”_ 😱) page.

---
title: "How to add terms using the contribution tool"
---

> # How to add terms using the contribution tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to add terms with the graphical contribution interface
```

> {{< video src="https://cloud.opentermsarchive.org/index.php/s/DJ4rqJi5M8fAecL/download/how-to-navigate-through-versions-history-in-open-terms-archive.mp4" >}}

Reviewer: That's not the right video 😉
